Dear Winteriors Team

RE: APPLICATION TO WORK AS AN ONLINE SALES ASSOCIATE FOR WINTERIORS

I hope I find you all well. I am writing this letter as an application to work as an Online Sales Associate for Winteriors.

What is an Online Sales Associate? An Online Sales Associate is responsible for finding clients for a business using the online space. Unlike a Sales Associate who traditionally finds clients through physical walk-ins at the store, or through physical meetings or phone calls or messages an Online Sales Associate does most of their work online. 

What has motivated me to apply for the position? I noticed that your business has a website but is not being maintained. I first thought of just offering to build and maintain your company website. However, I didn't want to stop there. I asked myself how can I make this website valuable for Winteriors? How can the website be used to find clients and potentially close sales? Then it hit me, why don't I just work for Winteriors as an Online Sales Associate. That way, the Winteriors website ceases to be just a website, it becomes one a gateway to help the business make sales.

Before proceeding any further, I want to acknowledge the work you have done through Social Media Marketing, especially on Facebook. I would like to believe that some of the clients you find using Facebook. My role is not to replace but to enhance by taking advantage of what you have already set up. This way when someone clicks the link to your website on your Facebook page, they should see an up to date website with all the necessary information they need like furniture with prices, then delivery terms, payment methods, warranty and so on.

What is the role of an Online Sales Associate? The main role of an Online Sales Associate is to make sales or at least help bring sales via the online space. The Online Sales Associate creates online sales channels that help bring business.

The first sales channel online is the website. This specific role will entail me making sure the Winteriors website has accurate and up to date information. The website must work functionally, that means it is clean, all links work and provide the information that is expected. You can imagine the website as Winteriors virtual store. Therefore, what's on the website should match what's on the ground at the physical Winteriors store. For example, an image of a sofa found on the website, should be found at the Winteriors store. We don't want a case of a client asking for something they saw on the website not being available at the physical store. The role would entail me constantly interfacing with the physical sales team, making sure I am up to date with all of the promotions, latest offerings and so on. The Winteriors website will include a product catalog complete with the name, description, and price of each product.

The next sales channel I would work on is Search Engine Optimization or (SEO). This is where the business ranks high for keyword searches related to the business. So when someone searches "sofa in Lusaka" using a search engine like Google, Winteriors should appear amongst the top search engine results. 

Another sales channel is Artificial Intelligence Engine Optimization (AEO). It works in a similar way to SEO, except in this case Artificial Intelligence is in use. This is where the website content for Winteriors is packaged nicely for AI Agents to crawl through. This way an Artificial Intelligence(AI) Large Language Model (LLM) like ChatGPT can easily suggest Winteriors if the subject happens to be related in some way to Winteriors.

Another role of the Sales Associate is to place features on the website that help engage potential customers. These features help enhance the website as a sales channel.

First comes the contact form. The contact form will be used to create a list of potential leads stored in a customer database. Follow ups can be done by contacting these leads to qualify them as a potential customer or keep them up to date with what's on offer. Typically for a Zambian context, WhatsApp and email are the go to communication platforms. Therefore the contact form will be configured such that a person can enter either their email or WhatsApp details. Once their details are entered, I can log them to the online client database.

Second comes the online newsletter. A form on the website where people can sign up for a newsletter from Winteriors can be created. The purpose of this newsletter is to keep people who are enthusiastic about Winteriors up to date with the offerings. Newsletters are delivered periodically (typically biweekly or monthly) and it will be my role to curate a newsletter that will promote the offerings that are trending at Winteriors. Call to Actions can be placed within the newsletter in anticipation of a potential client wanting to complete a purchase. In depth articles on interesting things related to Winteriors can be included as well. Newsletters also server as a subtle reminder to subscribers that the business is alive and well.

Another feature is a blog. The blog will serve articles about Winteriors. This includes products on offer, special events coming up, promotions, latest offerings, discounts on offer. All this will be written in article form. Writing articles helps with the Search Engine Optimization as this tells web crawlers that your site is active and offers valuable content which has the knock on effect of the website ranking higher and higher for more and more searches.