A job can be divided into many sections that need attention. It is imperative that one is aware of these things and considers the moves to take in order to accomplish success.

Let's take for example a furniture store. One has to consider the Visual Design of the website and outline the approach in a Visual Design guide. Before that one has to simulate the Furniture business. The actual manual process of the business. How marketing is done. How orders are processed. What costs are involved (Rent, material, depreciation, labour). Next comes the Functional design of the website. Feature by feature everything has to work. Next comes the DevOps (Hosting, Database, File Server, Backups, Monitoring, Maintenance). A guide is needed as well. Then comes the Security guide (Firewall, Encryption, IDS, Authentication, Access Control). Next comes the Disaster Mitigation guide with clear indication (Fire, Flooding, Insurance, theft, Damage). Next comes the Docs themselves. Docs covering everything (Docs guide, User Manual, Troubleshooting, License, Terms and Conditions). Installation software guide. Marketing guide as there is a Contact Form so this should interface with a Customer Relation Management. Next comes the SEO guide which is split into Internal and External SEO. Followed by the SEM guide. Then the Paid Ads guide. AEO. Copywriting guide. Website Content guide (Pages). Website Content guide (Blog). Admin UI guide. Admin System Design guide. Admin DevOps. Admin Security guide. Admin Docs. Admin Disaster Mitigation. Installation Software for Admin. IMS UI guide. IMS System Design guide. IMS Devops. IMS Security guide. IMS docs. IMS Disaster Mitigation. Installation of IMS. Open Source guide. OS Docs. User Contribution. 